hello it's Ruby and today I'll be
showing you some things money might be
asking for for Christmas
a big present you could ask for for
Christmas that is very similar to
Hermione might've asked for is of course
account because obviously she has
Crookshanks number two is books just
tons and tons of books
Hermione maples they ask for workbooks
I'm actually asking for workbooks for
Christmas I'm asking for Latin workbooks
I can teach myself Latin you could ask
them look quite similar you could ask
for Mandarin what books I'm thinking of
languages because it's perhaps easier
but you could also ask for extra maths
work books textbooks just anything to
further your knowledge
you may want to ask for tickets to go to
an event and when I say this I mean
perhaps a literary festival or a museum
or going to see a play if you want to go
see a play I suggest going to see either
Shakespearean play or one based on a
book for example I saw the Mockingbird
very recently my males have asked for a
subscription to a newspaper or magazine
and when I say that I do not mean than
fashion magazine I mean for example
asking for a subscription to The Times
which would be quite similar to getting
a subscription to The Daily Prophet
which we of course know that money has
you may also want a subscription to the
National Geographic which is a magazine
that I must have subscribed to
another big thing you could ask for
could be a typewriter and I know how
money doesn't necessarily use these but
they're very classic and I can imagine
that money would enjoy using them you
may want to ask for new stationery for
example pens pencils pencil cases rulers
notepads anything to do with that but if
you want to adopt a more Hogwarts
approach to Bella matter you could ask
for feather quill and ink them some
parchment I have four feather quills
myself the one that I would recommend
getting it's this one I can give you the
link for this in the description bar
below you may want to ask for big
woollen jumpers money doesn't have love
honey two jumpers jeans if you prefer
her style in the later films another
bigger thing you could ask for
could be a bean bag or an armchair for
your bedroom in which you could read I
know that not everybody has the space
and I wouldn't say that I have the space
to get one myself but if you do then it
could be a really nice thing to get and
it's Anika my knee would definitely want
in her bedroom as we saw another big
thing that you could ask for could be a
Kindle and these are very good and I
know her money doesn't herself use them
but if she were a muggle she'll go away
on holidays it can be very useful and
practical
Hermione's very charitable person she
does care a lot about other people and
other causes you may not ask for
donation being made in your name starter
present you could ask for DVDs
documentaries thinking trying to think
of you the wonders collection by Brian
Cox and also days that shook the world
which is the series of historical
documentaries Hermione would simply love
to receive book lovers slash from the
page candles and these are from Etsy
sellers I can leave the links to that
online shops in the description box
below I got two of these for Christmas
last year a 2 to 1 B Baker Street and
Hagar's pumpkin patch and this one
especially is it's incredible and I feel
that her money would absolutely adore to
have these because you'll get involved
in literature which we all of course
know Tom O'Neill of lastly a very little
thing you could ask for
could be bookmarks and there are two
Etsy sellers whose bookmarks like
absolutely adore they are high water
themed and expect the differ money where
a muggle and she were my supporter head
she would definitely buy these I will
leave the links to both in the
description box but this is one and this
is the other and I love both of them
especially the Hermione Granger one so I
suggested you could ask these